FFWEB-2547: added facet label (name) to the chosen filter values (Filter cloud) (#86)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/shopware6-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased
### Add

> - SearchResult Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SearchResult Page, Category Page
```

>   - add facet label to the chosen filter value 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add facet name to the `ff-filter-cloud` template
```
